The Last Lecture we created our route with a dynamic payoff segment.
Now we want to get access to the data the user has sent us or which is encoded in you or else I should
say.
So we know that we will load the user component user component is one here.
And we know that there will be some data into your out for us.
How can we get access to it.
Well it isn't the type of file where we can get access and there we need to inject something we already
injected before the active route.
So this is again on activated route.
So make sure to use this type of imported from an Anglo router and by injecting this we get access to
the currently road loaded route.
Now I told you that this currently loaded route is a javascript object with a lot of metadata about
this currently loaded route one of the important pieces of information is it currently active user.
Do you see that in this user component.
I already defined a user object at the top which is undefined.
For now it should have the following structure and it's not used right now but we could load our user
by simply.
Well getting access or retrieving this parameter from our you r l.
So it would be nice if let's say in ngoni and Edwin our component gets initialized we get our user.
So we maybe want to say this user equals and now we assign it to a javascript object because that is
the type of it a challenge group object with an ID and with a name not a well-you for the ID can be
fetched from our route.
And there we have a snapshot property.
And on this snapshot of our currently active route we have a Perrins javascript object.
And here we can get our ID.
And now you will only have the access to properties here.
Well which you defined in your route parameters.
So does part here.
We named it the ID year so we can retrieve the ID from the parent object here.
Now the name is something which is not encoded in the route right now.
So maybe we should do this too.
Let's go to app Marchal and simply add another dynamic part here.
That colon name.
Now we also will get this as a parameter so we can retrieve it the same way we retrieve the ID.
Let's retrieve the name and it's in the same parents object because it's all part of the route which
was loaded to this path.
We set up an air marshal being triggered which holds two dynamic pieces and you can add as many parameters
year as you want.
They will all be retrievable on this parents object off the loaded route.
With that we assign something to our user.
Now we could go to our HMO document and output that data.
So a stringin tribulation here we could output user ID.
It will now be said We know that and username maybe both will be available because we said it and engine
in it.
Now this should or actually if we save this and we target slash users one max maybe so that we have
both the idea and the name and we hit Enter we correctly see ID one name Max if we change the 82 free
we see ID free here.
So this seems to work.
And you even see that this is still marked as active because there's currently active path still contains
Sless users which was the route for this link so does rather link active directive is still doing its
job.
Now this seems to be working fine.
Now let me add something to it which will break it though.
I'll do this in the next lecture